#summary Description of public methods and properties.
#labels Documentation

= Introduction =

JavaScript SOAP Proxy library defines singleton object *SOAPProxyFabric* which is used to build webservice *proxies* of type *SOAPProxy*. Those proxies then automagically extended by adding webservices's methods and returned to user script.

User script accesses webservice via *SOAPProxy* extension methods or directly via *invoke()* interface.

Also, there is *SOAPProxyUtils* object used internally by JavaScript SOAP Proxy.

= SOAPProxyFabric =

== property 'version' ==
{{{SOAPProxyFabric.version}}}

contains library version string. E.g. "1.0"

== method 'fromUrl' ==
{{{SOAPProxyFabric.fromUrl(source, async, callback)}}}

where:

*source* is URL pointing to webservices's WSDL, or just string containing WSDL text.

*async* is boolean indicating asynchronous (true) or synchronous mode of WSDL loading

*callback* is function(proxyObject, WSDLDOM, WSDLText) called at the end of WSDL parsing process.

proxyObject is SOAPProxy built, WSDLDOM is XML DOM object, representing WSDL, WSDLText is original text of WSDL. In case of failure, proxyObject is browser's object Error. If async == false, SOAPProxyFabric.fromUrl passes SOAPProxy built as return value.

== method 'fromDOM' ==
{{{SOAPProxyFabric.fromDOM(XMLDOMObject)}}}
where XMLDOMObject is XML DOM object, representing WSDL

SOAPProxyFabric.fromUrl parses WSDL from XML DOM and returns SOAPProxy built from that.

== method 'fromXml' ==
{{{SOAPProxyFabric.fromXml(XMLText)}}}

where XMLText is text of WSDL

SOAPProxyFabric.fromUrl parses WSDL text and returns SOAPProxy built from that.